Add example explanation for transpile (#1391)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/configuration-glossary/configuration-build.md

  }
}
```

> With this example the dependency `ky` will be transpiled by Babel if nuxed is not in [modern mode](/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-modern).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `ky` will be transpiled by Babel if Nuxt is not in [modern mode](/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-modern).
```
